[Doc] Add doc for Auto-Device Plugin 2021.4 (#5982)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/IE_DG/supported_plugins/AUTO.md

# Auto-Device Plugin {#openvino_docs_IE_DG_supported_plugins_AUTO}

## Auto-Device Plugin Execution

Auto-Device is a new special "virtual" or "proxy" device in the OpenVINO. 

User can use "AUTO" as the device name, to delegate an actual accelerator selection to the OpenVINO. 
With the 2021.4 release, the Auto-Device internally recognizes and selects from CPU, 
integrated GPU and discrete Intel GPUs (when available) depending on the device capabilities and the characteristic of CNN models, 
for example, precisions. Then Auto-Device will assign inference requests to selected device.

From the application point of view, this is just another device that handles all accelerators in full system. 

With the 2021.4 release, the "setup" of Auto-device can be described in three major steps:
* First is configuration of each device as usual (e.g. via conventional SetConfig method)
* Second is loading of a network to the AUTO-Device plugin. This is the only change that you need in your application

> * Finally, just like with any other ExecutableNetwork (resulted from LoadNetwork) you just create as many requests as needed to saturate the devices. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Step 3: Just like with any other ExecutableNetwork (resulted from LoadNetwork), create as many requests as needed to saturate the devices. 
```

> These steps are covered below in details

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These steps are covered below in details.
```

> ## Defining and Configuring the Auto-Device plugin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Defining and Configuring the Auto-Device Plugin
```

> Following the OpenVINO notions of “devices”, the Auto-Device has a “AUTO” name. The only configuration option for AUTO-Device is a limited device list:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Following the OpenVINO notions of “devices”, the Auto-device has “AUTO” name. The only configuration option for Auto-device is a limited device list:
```

| Parameter name     | Parameter values      | Default            |             Description                                                      |
| :---               | :---                  | :---               |:-----------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| "AUTO_DEVICE_LIST" | comma-separated device names <span style="color:red">with no spaces</span>| N/A | Device candidate list to be selected    |

> You can use name of the configuration directly as a string, or use `IE::KEY_AUTO_DEVICE_LIST` from the `ie_plugin_config.hpp`, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the configuration name directly as a string or use `IE::KEY_AUTO_DEVICE_LIST` from `ie_plugin_config.hpp`, 
```

which defines the same string.

> Basically, there are two ways to use Auto-Device, directly indicate device by “AUTO” or empty string:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two ways to use Auto-device:
1. Directly indicate device by “AUTO” or empty string:
```

@snippet snippets/AUTO0.cpp part0

> Also, you can use Auto-Device configuration to limit the device candidate list to be selected:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Use Auto-device configuration to limit the device candidates list to be selected:
```

@snippet snippets/AUTO1.cpp part1

> Besides, Auto-Device supports query device optimization capabilities in metric; 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Auto-device supports query device optimization capabilities in metric; 
```

| Parameter name                 | Parameter values         |
| :---                           | :---                     |
| "OPTIMIZATION_CAPABILITIES"    | Auto-Device capabilities |

## Enumerating Available Devices and Limit Auto Target Devices

Inference Engine now features a dedicated API to enumerate devices and their capabilities. 
See [Hello Query Device C++ Sample](../../../inference-engine/samples/hello_query_device/README.md).

> This is example output from the sample (truncated to the devices' names only):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the example output from the sample (truncated to the devices' names only):
```

```sh
./hello_query_device
Available devices: 
    Device: CPU
...
    Device: GPU.0
...
    Device: GPU.1
```

> Auto-device will select the most suitable device from available or limit devices to load, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Auto-device selects the most suitable device from available or limits devices to load, 
```

and simple programmatic way to load mode to device from available devices with the auto-device is as follows:

@snippet snippets/AUTO2.cpp part2

> Another way to load mode to device from limit device choice with Auto-device::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another way to load mode to device from limited choice of devices is with Auto-device::
```

@snippet snippets/AUTO3.cpp part3

## Configuring the Individual Devices and Creating the Auto-Device On Top

> As discussed in the first section, you shall configure each individual device as usual and then just create the "AUTO" device on top:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As described in the first section, configure each individual device as usual and then just create the "AUTO" device on top:
```

@snippet snippets/AUTO4.cpp part4

> Alternatively, you can combine all the individual device settings into single config and load that, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can combine all the individual device settings into a single config and load it, 
```

> allowing the Auto-device plugin to parse and apply that to the right devices. See code example here:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
allowing the Auto-device plugin to parse and apply it to the right devices. See the code example here:
```

@snippet snippets/AUTO5.cpp part5

## Using the Auto-Device with OpenVINO Samples and Benchmark App

> Notice that every OpenVINO sample that supports "-d" (which stands for "device") command-line option transparently accepts the auto-device. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that every OpenVINO sample that supports "-d" (which stands for "device") command-line option transparently accepts the auto-device. 
```

> The Benchmark Application is the best reference to the optimal usage of the auto-device. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Benchmark Application is the best example of the optimal usage of auto-device. 
```

> The Benchmark Application is the best reference to the optimal usage of the auto-device. 

Reviewer: Be consistent in capitalization of Auto-device. Use the same variant everywhere.

> You don't need to setup number of requests, CPU threads as the application provides optimal out of the box performance. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You do not need to set the number of requests and CPU threads, as the application provides optimal out-of-the-box performance. 
```

> Below is example command-line to evaluate AUTO performance with that:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below is the example command line to evaluate AUTO performance with that:
```

```sh
./benchmark_app –d AUTO –m <model> -i <input> -niter 1000
```
You can also use the auto-device with limit device choice:

```sh
./benchmark_app –d AUTO:CPU,GPU –m <model> -i <input> -niter 1000
```

> Note that default CPU stream is 1 if using “-d AUTO”.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the default CPU stream is 1 if using “-d AUTO”.
```

> Notice that you can use the FP16 IR to work with auto-device. Also notice that no demos are (yet) fully optimized for the auto-device, by means of selecting the most suitable device , using the GPU streams/throttling, and so on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that you can use the FP16 IR to work with auto-device. Also note that no demos are (yet) fully optimized for the auto-device, by means of selecting the most suitable device, using the GPU streams/throttling, and so on.
```
